hello dear kerrygold fans i welcome
you from the ever greener in my name
is already cordial under you
Welcome to the kerrygold cow lotte
you still how it works
because of the mild climate ours can
three irish beauties emma daisy and
messi up to 300 days a year on the
put legs
eat fresh grass and this after
We'll let it out at the back
It could be right here for you
interesting because that's how it works and
played it is similar to that already
We do not play well-known lotto games
six right ones out of 49 but three
right from 30
Here you see a pasture with 30 cases
and should preface where ever daisy
and macy will do their business
in each case the heap of as
First of all a crew is done
So cow has to be your business once
to fear
a second heap is not where you are
Chancellor's festival you give up
the kerrygold facebook page or the
kerrygold homepage just into the deep
click click
30 cases are available to choose your three
place tips and with a little luck
Do you have the chance to do a great job
price you're the only one with or
There are a 1500 in three correct tips
to win the euro travel voucher
should multiple fans typed correctly
the travel voucher will be between
split the win fairly
because it can start in the
In the meantime, I want to find the ladies
and keep going to daisy and amber
kuo
med